in fact the costs are difficult for the sector
faure
his absence
the swamp is a strange place
Appearances can be deceiving
ap
sometimes you have to be wary
this fish goes straight to danger
What happened
why until the last moment did he see anything coming
fish for the eyes on the side of the head which gives them a
perfect peripheral vision
and then I saw that it is quieter curriculum are designed to detect the
Muslim
paul
as he explores the bottom of the swamp looking for food
he does not see a still body
it is on this point just that competition elsewhere
it is the turtle alligator that can weigh up to 80 kilos he lives in the
swamps of florida
absorbing as much as possible by the nostrils
she sinks under the surface
his heartbeat slows down as his body temperature heats up
and that all his metabolism goes into heavy sleep
she can stay in ambush for 50 minutes
we wait for a fish to come a little too close for the rabbit
camouflage and its weapon of choice
the penetrating sunlight causes it to proliferate algae on its
carapace is here it can blend into the landscape
Blues
it is necessary to put oneself in position
then pato 5% win her the race
in Rwanda
unlike most turtles
she has eyes on the sides of her head and they can see the fish
all at all
the euro zone
at
or as the fish does not perceive the details
the eye movements of the turtle went unnoticed thanks to the drawing that
surround these skies
but something moves
and if the secret weapons of the sector that is very special
and that's exactly the kind of thing fish are looking for in the
brampton vegetation have
for one euro
basically
this little appendix of the iphone
it's an ideal apartment the fish will soon fall into the trap
the téfécistes only attracted to the torture
the beak closes at once and it's over as it does not make sense the turtle
user to shred the angers fish
Ronsin
cameron
the road
groulx
it's a scary fest'arts